add metrics-server extension (#11)
kubesphere-extensions/ks-extensions: metrics-server/CHANGELOG.md

<!---
Please do not delete this line of version tag
RELEASE_MARK v4.1.0 RELEASE_MARK
Please do not delete this line of version tag
-->
## v0.7.0

> This is the first official version of metrics-server adapted for KubeSphere Enterprise (KSE) v4.1.0. It only customizes [metrics-server](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) to comply with KubeSphere Luban extensions without making any modifications to its code, images, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first official version of metrics-server adapted for KubeSphere v4 LuBan pluggable architecture. It only customizes [metrics-server](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) to comply with KubeSphere v4 Luban extensions without modifying its code, images, etc.
```
